Installation Instructions (SCCSid = "@(#)Installation	2.2 10/24/89")

1) Look at the Makefile.  There are three CFLAGS options that you can
use.  Setting SYSV should allow macps and prepfix to compile on System
V machines (I've only tried it under A/UX).  Setting CONFIGDIR will
cause macps to look for macps.config in that directory.  Setting SAVE
will cause macps to enclose the entire print job is a PostScript
save/restore context.  Normally you don't need SAVE, since most
spooling software will automatically do an EOF between print jobs, which
effectively does a restore of memory for you, but some spooling
software does require the save/restore.  Note that defining SAVE will
cause printing to fail on a NeXT laser printer, while it is harmless on
most other systems.

The options will look something like:

CFLAGS = -O -DSYSV -DCONFIGDIR=\"/usr/new/lib\" -DSAVE

if you defined all the options.

2) Type "make".  If all goes well, macps and prepfix will be created.

3) To create the unprocessed LaserPrep file on the Mac, as well as
creating the raw PostScript files that you want to print, make sure
that either you're not running MultiFinder, or if you are, go to the
Chooser under the Apple menu, click on the LaserWriter icon and then
turn off Background Printing.

4) For each version of LaserPrep on the Mac that you want to include,
install that version in the System Folder.  Then, open an empty
document in some simple application (one that doesn't have its
own ProcSet to download).  Choose Print from the File menu and the
LaserWriter print dialog will appear.  Click on the OK button and
IMMEDIATELY press and hold Command-K.  When a dialog box appears
telling you that it is creating a PostScript file, you can release
Command-K.  The unprocessed LaserPrep file will usually be found in one
of three places, in the System Folder, in the same folder as the
application or at the top level of the disk.

5) Upload the PostScript file(s) to Unix, using some file transfer
program like MacTerminal, Versaterm, Red Ryder, MacKermit or NCSA
Telnet (if your file transfer program feels left out, feel free to add
it to your list).

6) Run prepfix on each unprocessed file, diverting the standard output
to an appropriataly named file (like LaserPrep5.2).  If you want to
allow bit smoothing on a non-Apple PostScript printer, specify the -l
option to prepfix (you can specify as many printer names as you want,
each with a separate -l flag).  If you aren't sure the your printer can
do smoothing, you can try it and see if it works (if it doesn't, you
can always re-run prepfix on the unprocessed file(s), leaving off the
printer that doesn't work).  If you don't know the product name for you
printer, you can use the following PostScript code to print it:

%!
/in {72 mul} def
/Courier findfont 18 scalefont setfont
1 in 8 in moveto
statusdict /product get show
showpage

7) Put the modified LaserPrep file(s) in some directory and modify the
macps.config file to point to these LaserPrep files.  Then put the
macps.config file in a "lib" subdirectory to where you install macps
(or in the directory CONFIGDIR if you used that option).

8) Now when you want to print something, do the same thing as in step 4
above with the LaserWriter print dialog, except press and hold
Command-F (this cause LaserPrep not to be included in the PostScript
file).

9) Upload the PostScript file and run macps on it, sending the output
to your printer, as in:

	% macps psfile | lpr
